Describe how collections can be removed from the Ansible package (#201)
ansible-collections/overview: removal_from_ansible.rst

> *****************************************************

Reviewer: This needs an RST anchor. See https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/style_guide/#adding-anchors. 
```suggestion
.. _removal_from_ansible::

*****************************************************
```

Ansible Community Package Collections Removal Process
*****************************************************

.. contents:: Topics

Overview
========

> Sometimes the Ansible community removes a collection from the Ansible package. We try to do this only rarely. This document describes why we might remove a collection from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).

Author: I think it's a good idea to keep this, at least for now, so that nobody gets the impression that we're just waiting to kick out tons of stuff :) Removing right now is a last resort if nothing else worked, and I think it should stay that way. But this is definitely something to discuss, maybe let's keep this for now (unresolved) and see if others chime in as well.

> Sometimes the Ansible community removes a collection from the Ansible package. We try to do this only rarely. This document describes why we might remove a collection from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).

Reviewer 2: Though maybe something like "We would like to avoid this whenever possible" or something like that?

> Sometimes the Ansible community removes a collection from the Ansible package. We try to do this only rarely. This document describes why we might remove a collection from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).

Reviewer 3: > Though maybe something like "We would like to avoid this whenever possible" or something like that?

I'm not sure, sounds a bit apologetic to me. Like "Sorry for you inconvenience". But maybe "removes a collection from the Ansible package for stability or security reasons" would be a good wording. I think this would (implicitly) make clear that it's not done lightly, but would also make clear _why_ it's sometimes done in the very first sentence of the document.

> Sometimes the Ansible community removes a collection from the Ansible package. We try to do this only rarely. This document describes why we might remove a collection from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).

Author: I would also add 'legal' here, since that would also be a valid reason to remove something. How about the following?
```suggestion
Sometimes the Ansible community removes a collection from the Ansible package for stability, legal, or security reasons. This document describes why we might remove a collection from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).
```

> Sometimes the Ansible community removes a collection from the Ansible package. We try to do this only rarely. This document describes why we might remove a collection from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).

Reviewer: +1 for this way of expressing it.

In cases of emergency (for example, a serious security vulnerability that is not fixed in a collection) the `Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee <https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/ansible_community_steering_committee.rst>`_ can vote on emergency exceptions. In most cases, we follow the rules listed on this page.

General processes
=================

> This section describes some general processes that will be referred to below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general process of removing a collection follows these steps:

#. announcing an upcoming removal of a collection
#. removing the collection
#. when appropriate, re-adding the collection

```

#. Document actual removal for the first/next alpha of Ansible X.0.0 in the Ansible changelog (``https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/blob/main/<X>/changelog.yaml``).
   See the following link for an `example on how to add changelog entries to the Ansible changelog <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/pull/68/files>`__.

.. _readd_collection:

Re-adding a collection
----------------------

Re-adding a collection to Ansible works the same as adding it in the first place. See the `process of adding a new collection to Ansible <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/#adding-a-new-collection>`_ for reference.

#. Re-add collection to ``ansible.in`` (``https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/blob/main/<X>/ansible.in``).
#. Re-add collection to ``collection-meta.yaml`` (``https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/blob/main/<X>/collection-meta.yaml``).
#. If the removal was announced in the Ansible changelog for a version that has not yet been released (``https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/blob/main/<X>/changelog.yaml``), remove the announcement.

> Broken collections

Reviewer: I would still add a heading here for "Reasons we remove collections" and then make "Broken collections" and "Unmaintained collections" sub-sections of that. But we can do this after the content is voted on and merged in.

Reviewer 4: I agree with Alicia's points here

==================

The community can remove a collection from the Ansible community package if the collection is broken.

Identifying and removing a broken collection
--------------------------------------------

Conditions for removal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A collection is considered broken if one of the following conditions is true:

#. It depends on another collection included in X.0.0 but does not work with the actual version of it that is included, and there is no content in the collection that still works.

We remove broken collections from Ansible (X+1).0.0 under the following conditions:

#. The collection seems to be unmaintained and nobody fixes the problems.
#. The plan to remove the collection in the next major Ansible release is publicized at least two months before the (X+1).0.0 release, and at least one month before the first (X+1).0.0 beta release (feature freeze).

Process
~~~~~~~

The announcement mentioned below must state the reasons for the proposed removal and alert maintainers and the Ansible community that, to prevent the removal, the collection urgently needs new maintainers who can fix the problems.

> #. Announce upcoming removal in Ansible X+1 as described in :ref:`announce_removal`.

Author: This is unfortunately a general problem with GitHub's RST renderer, you can also see it in action here: https://github.com/ansible-collections/overview/blob/main/collection_requirements.rst#collection-infrastructure Basically GH does not support `:ref:`, see https://github.com/github/markup/issues/122.

I've tried to fix the references by converting them to links. Now rst2html5 from docutils properly handles them, but GitHub's rest2html does not: it shows links (https://github.com/ansible-collections/overview/blob/130944d4e056ec829f97a48de223522929292201/removal_from_ansible.rst), but uses the wrong hrefs so the links do nothing. This is really sad.

> #. Announce upcoming removal in Ansible X+1 as described in :ref:`announce_removal`.

Author: https://github.com/github/markup/issues/1535

> #. Announce upcoming removal in Ansible X+1 as described in :ref:`announce_removal`.

Reviewer 3: > This is unfortunately a general problem with GitHub's RST renderer

In that case, should we keep it as it is and vote? The links are broken on GitHub but the content is OK. Maybe we find a way to fix this later. Or GitHub fixes its RST renderer if we're lucky.

> This is really sad.

Definitely.

#. Remove collection from Ansible X+1 as described in :ref:`remove_collection`.

Cancelling removal of a broken collection
-----------------------------------------

Conditions
~~~~~~~~~~

#. The issues have to be fixed and a new release (bugfix, minor or major) has to be made before the Ansible X+1 feature freeze.
#. Someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.

Process
~~~~~~~

> #. Update the removal issue in the collection's issue tracker, and close the issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Update the removal issue in the collection's issue tracker and close the issue.
```

#. Announce cancelled removal in The Bullhorn.
#. Re-add collection to Ansible X+1 as described in :ref:`readd_collection`.

Re-adding collection to Ansible
-------------------------------

Conditions
~~~~~~~~~~

Conditions under which the collections can be re-included in the Ansible package without going through the `full inclusion process <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/>`_:

#. The issues have to be fixed and a new release has to be made before the Ansible X+2 feature freeze.
#. Someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.

Process
~~~~~~~

> #. Follow regular process of adding a new collection to Ansible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Follow `regular process of adding a new collection to Ansible <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/#adding-a-new-collection>`_.
```

#. Announce upcoming removal from Ansible Y as described in :ref:`announce_removal`.
#. Remove collection from Ansible Y as described in :ref:`remove_collection`.

Cancelling removal of an unmaintained collection
------------------------------------------------

Conditions
~~~~~~~~~~

#. Ansible Y has not yet been released.
#. One or multiple maintainers step up, or return, to clean up the collection's state.
#. There have been concrete results made by new maintainers (for example, CI has been fixed, the collection has been released, pull request authors have got meaningful feedback).

Process
~~~~~~~

#. The Steering Committee votes on whether the result is acceptable.
#. A negative vote must come with a good explanation why the clean up work has not been sufficient. In that case, this process stops.
#. If the Steering Committee does not vote against still removing the collection (this includes the case that the vote did not reach quorum), proceed as follows.
#. Re-add collection to Ansible Y as described in :ref:`readd_collection`.

Re-adding collection to Ansible
-------------------------------

> There is no simplified process. Once the collection has been removed from Ansible Y.0.0, it needs to go through the full inclusion process to be re-added to the Ansible package. Exceptions are only possible if the Steering Committee votes on them, and it is in the discretion of the Steering Committee to deny a fast re-entry without going through the full review process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is no simplified process. Once the collection has been removed from Ansible Y.0.0, it needs to go through the full inclusion process to be re-added to the Ansible package. Exceptions are only possible if the Steering Committee votes on them and it is in the discretion of the Steering Committee to deny a fast re-entry without going through the full review process.
```

Author: Hmm, I'm not sure, I think the comma might actually belong here. @acozine is a better judge for this I think ;)

Reviewer: I would make it two sentences:
Exceptions are only possible if the Steering Committee votes on them. The Steering Committee can approve or deny a fast re-entry without going through the full review process.

Author: ```suggestion
There is no simplified process. Once the collection has been removed from Ansible Y.0.0, it needs to go through the full inclusion process to be re-added to the Ansible package. Exceptions are only possible if the Steering Committee votes on them. The Steering Committee can approve or deny a fast re-entry without going through the full review process.
```

Unmaintained collections
========================

Identifying and removing an unmaintained collection
---------------------------------------------------

Conditions for removal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A collection is considered unmaintained if multiple of the following conditions are satisfied:

#. There has been no maintainer's activity in the collection repository for several months (for example, pull request merges and releases).
#. CI has stopped passing (or even has not been running) for several months.
#. Bug reports and bugfix PRs start piling up without being reviewed.

There is no complete formal definition of an unmaintained collection.

Process
~~~~~~~

#. The appearance that the collection is no longer maintained and might be removed from the Ansible package has to be announced both in The Bullhorn and in the collection's issue tracker.
#. At least four weeks after the notice appeared in The Bullhorn and the collection's issue tracker, the Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee (SC) must look at the collection and vote that it considers it unmaintained. The vote must be open for at least one week.

> #. If the SC does not votes that the collection seems to be unmaintained, the process is stopped. The issue needs to be updated accordingly.

Reviewer 5: s/votes/vote/

> #. If the SC does not votes that the collection seems to be unmaintained, the process is stopped. The issue needs to be updated accordingly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. If the SC does not vote that the collection seems to be unmaintained, the process is stopped. The issue needs to be updated accordingly.
```

@gotmax23 is right, there's a typo here.

*****************************************************
Ansible Community Package Collections Removal Process
*****************************************************

.. contents:: Topics

Overview
========

> This document describes under which circumstances collections can be removed from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_). Right now this document tries to set up some first processes. In cases of emergency the `Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee <https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/ansible_community_steering_committee.rst>`_ can vote on emergency exceptions, but the goal is to only use processes documented in here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document describes under which circumstances collections can be removed from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).

Right now this document tries to set up some first processes. In cases of emergency the `Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee <https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/ansible_community_steering_committee.rst>`_ can vote on emergency exceptions, but the goal is to only use processes documented in here.
```

> Removing broken collections
> ===========================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Broken collections
==================
```

> If it turns out that a collection contained in Ansible X.0.0 depends on another collection included in X.0.0 and does not work with it, the collection can be removed from Ansible (X+1).0.0 under the following conditions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If it turns out that a collection contained in Ansible X.0.0 depends on another collection included in X.0.0 and does not work with it, the collection can be removed from Ansible (X+1).0.0 under the following conditions:
```
I think a collection can be broken because of other reasons too, so i would put this in a sub-paragraph

> 1. The collection seems to be unmaintained, and nobody successfully manages to fix the problems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The collection seems to be unmaintained and nobody successfully manages to fix the problems.
```

Reviewer 2: or maybe `nobody is trying to fix the problems` ? i.e. nobody is in active progress

Author: If folks try to fix it for two years and it doesn't work, it's way too long IMO. It's great that they try, but if they don't manage to do it, we still have to remove it even if they try continuously.

> 2. The imminent removal in the next major Ansible release is announced in the Ansible changelog, in The Bullhorn, and in the collection's issue tracker at least two months before the (X+1).0.0 release, and at least one month before the first (X+1).0.0 beta release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The imminent removal in the next major Ansible release and its reasons are announced in the Ansible changelog, in The Bullhorn, and in the collection's issue tracker at least two months before the (X+1).0.0 release, and at least one month before the first (X+1).0.0 beta release. The announcement must also contain information that, to prevent the removal, the collection urgently needs new maintainers who can fix the problems.
```
Or something with similar meaning.

Conditions under which the collection can stay in the Ansible package before removal in Ansible X+1:

> 1. The issues have to be fixed and a new release (bugfix, minor or major) has to be made before the Ansible X+1 feature freeze. Also someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.

Reviewer 6: > Also someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.

While I agree with this in spirit, in practice it's unenforceable.

Reviewer 2: >While I agree with this in spirit, in practice it's unenforceable.

I'm personally OK with this moral obligation:) Better than nothing:)

Author: It definitely is unenforceable. We have to rely on folks being honest here.

> 1. The issues have to be fixed and a new release (bugfix, minor or major) has to be made before the Ansible X+1 feature freeze. Also someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. The issues have to be fixed and a new release (bugfix, minor or major) has to be made before the Ansible X+1 feature freeze.
#. Someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.
```

> Conditions under which the collections can be re-included in the Ansible package without going through the full inclusion process (https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Conditions under which the collections can be re-included in the Ansible package without going through the `full inclusion process <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/>`_:
```

> 1. The issues have to be fixed and a new release has to be made before the Ansible X+2 feature freeze. Also someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. The issues have to be fixed and a new release has to be made before the Ansible X+2 feature freeze.
#. Someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.
```

> Removing unmaintained collections
> =================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unmaintained collections
========================
```

A collection is considered unmaintained if multiple of the following conditions are satisfied:

> 1. There has been no activity in the collection repository for several months.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. There has been no maintainer's activity in the collection repository for several months (for example, pull request merges and releases).
```

> 2. CI has stopped passing (or even has not been running) for several months.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. CI has stopped passing (or even has not been running) for several months.
```

> 3. Bug reports and bugfix PRs start piling up without being reviewed or merged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Bug reports and bugfix PRs start piling up without being reviewed.
```

> There is no complete formal definition of what it means that a collection is considered unmaintained. To start the process of removing an unmaintained collection, the following has to be done in the following order:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start the process of removing an unmaintained collection, the following has to be done in the following order:
```
I think we defined it a bit above

Author: No, it's not a definition, these are *potential indications*. A definition is an explicit list of conditions that's the new source of truth.

Reviewer 2: OK, agreed

1. The appearance that the collection is no longer maintained and might be removed from the Ansible package has to be announced both in The Bullhorn and in the collection's issue tracker.
2. The Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee (SC) has to look at the collection and vote that it considers it unmaintained. This must happen at least four weeks after the notice has appeared in the collection's issue tracker and in The Bullhorn, and the vote must be open for at least one week.

> 3. If the SC votes that the collection seems to unmaintained, another announcement is made in the collection's issue tracker, in The Bullhorn, and in the Ansible changelog that it will be removed from Ansible Y release. Here Y must be X+1 if Ansible X.0.0 will be released next, or Y must be X+1 if Ansible X.0.0 has already been released. This means that the announcement of impending removal will be active for at least one major release cycle of Ansible.

Reviewer 6: > Here Y must be X+1 if Ansible X.0.0 will be released next, or Y must be X+1 if Ansible X.0.0 has already been released.

This part is slightly confusing to me. Y appears to be always X+1 whether X is already released or not?

Reviewer 2: How about `Here Y must be Ansible X+1 if Ansible X is the current release and there are at least 4 months before X+1 release, otherwise Y must be Ansible X+2.`
It can be another number of months, not necessarily 4

Author: The second `X+1` should have been `X+2` :) I would always keep this a full release cycle, so nothing with months before next release.

Author: Fixed in a2a5b4935d824e81b87777f10c5017be2ec29e12.

> 3. If the SC votes that the collection seems to unmaintained, another announcement is made in the collection's issue tracker, in The Bullhorn, and in the Ansible changelog that it will be removed from Ansible Y release. Here Y must be X+1 if Ansible X.0.0 will be released next, or Y must be X+1 if Ansible X.0.0 has already been released. This means that the announcement of impending removal will be active for at least one major release cycle of Ansible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. If the SC votes that the collection is unmaintained, another announcement is made in the collection's issue tracker, in The Bullhorn, and in the Ansible changelog that it will be removed from Ansible Y release. Here Y must be X+1 if Ansible X.0.0 will be released next, or Y must be X+1 if Ansible X.0.0 has already been released. This means that the announcement of impending removal will be active for at least one major release cycle of Ansible.
```

Author: IMO we should only determine whether something seems unmaintained, not that something *is* unmaintained.

Reviewer 2: OK

Conditions under which the collection can stay in the Ansible package before removal in Ansible X+1:

> 1. One or multiple maintainers step up, or return, to clean up the collection's state. The Steering Committee will vote on whether the result is acceptable. A negative vote must come with a good explanation why the clean up work has not been sufficient.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. One or multiple maintainers step up, or return, to clean up the collection's state.
#. There have been concrete results made by new maintainers (for example, CI has been fixed, the collection has been released, pull request authors have got meaningful feedback).
#. The Steering Committee votes on whether the result is acceptable. A negative vote must come with a good explanation why the clean up work has not been sufficient.
```

*****************************************************
Ansible Community Package Collections Removal Process
*****************************************************

.. contents:: Topics

Overview
========

> This document describes under which circumstances collections can be removed from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the Ansible community removes a collection from the Ansible package. We try to do this only rarely. This document describes why we might remove a collection from the `Ansible community package <https://pypi.org/project/ansible/>`_ (`build data <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/>`_).
```

> Right now this document tries to set up some first processes. In cases of emergency the `Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee <https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/ansible_community_steering_committee.rst>`_ can vote on emergency exceptions, but the goal is to only use processes documented in here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases of emergency (for example, a serious security vulnerability that is not fixed in a collection) the `Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee <https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/ansible_community_steering_committee.rst>`_ can vote on emergency exceptions. In most cases, we follow the rules listed on this page.
```

> Broken collections
> ==================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reasons to remove a collection
==============================

Collection is broken
--------------------
```

> A collection is considered broken if one of the following conditions is true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community can remove a collection from the Ansible community package if the collection is broken. A collection is considered broken if one of the following conditions is true:
```

> #. It depends on another collection included in X.0.0 but does not work with the actual version of it that is included, and there is no content in the collection that still works.

Reviewer: Are there other things we'd consider "broken"?

Author: We can add more criteria later, but let's start with something simple and clear.

Reviewer 2: > We can add more criteria later, but let's start with something simple and clear.

SGTM

> If the collection is broken, it can be removed from Ansible (X+1).0.0 under the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We remove broken collections from Ansible (X+1).0.0 under the following conditions:
```

> #. The collection seems to be unmaintained and nobody successfully manages to fix the problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The collection seems to be unmaintained and nobody fixes the problems.
```

> #. The imminent removal in the next major Ansible release and its reasons are announced in the Ansible changelog, in The Bullhorn, and in the collection's issue tracker at least two months before the (X+1).0.0 release, and at least one month before the first (X+1).0.0 beta release. The announcement must also contain information that, to prevent the removal, the collection urgently needs new maintainers who can fix the problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The plan to remove the collection in the next major Ansible release is publicized at least two months before the (X+1).0.0 release, and at least one month before the first (X+1).0.0 beta release. The removal must be announced in multiple places:
- included in the Ansible changelog
- announced in The Bullhorn
The announcement must state the reasons for the proposed removal and alert maintainers and the Ansible community that, to prevent the removal, the collection urgently needs new maintainers who can fix the problems.
```

Conditions under which the collection can stay in the Ansible package before removal in Ansible X+1:

#. The issues have to be fixed and a new release (bugfix, minor or major) has to be made before the Ansible X+1 feature freeze.
#. Someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.

Conditions under which the collections can be re-included in the Ansible package without going through the `full inclusion process <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/>`_:

#. The issues have to be fixed and a new release has to be made before the Ansible X+2 feature freeze.
#. Someone has to promise to maintain the collection and prevent a similar situation at least for some time.

> Unmaintained collections
> ========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collection is unmaintained
-----------------------------------
```

A collection is considered unmaintained if multiple of the following conditions are satisfied:

#. There has been no maintainer's activity in the collection repository for several months (for example, pull request merges and releases).
#. CI has stopped passing (or even has not been running) for several months.
#. Bug reports and bugfix PRs start piling up without being reviewed.

> There is no complete formal definition of what it means that a collection is considered unmaintained. To start the process of removing an unmaintained collection, the following has to be done in the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no complete formal definition of an unmaintained collection. To start the process of removing an unmaintained collection, the following must be done in the following order:
```

> #. The appearance that the collection is no longer maintained and might be removed from the Ansible package has to be announced both in The Bullhorn and in the collection's issue tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The plan to remove the collection in the next major Ansible release is publicized at least two months before the (X+1).0.0 release, and at least one month before the first (X+1).0.0 beta release. The removal must be announced in two places:
- in The Bullhorn
- in the collection's issue tracker.
```

Author: Here we should wait a full major release cycle IMO. Your suggestion would be too quick. (The collection isn't known to be broken, so there's no need to hurry.)

Reviewer 2: Anyway, splitting up the sentence a bit would be nice for readability, imo

Reviewer 2: i mean:
```
- in The Bullhorn
- in the collection's issue tracker.
```

> #. The Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee (SC) has to look at the collection and vote that it considers it unmaintained. This must happen at least four weeks after the notice has appeared in the collection's issue tracker and in The Bullhorn, and the vote must be open for at least one week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The Ansible Community Engineering Steering Committee (SC) must look at the collection and vote that it considers it unmaintained. This must happen at least four weeks after the notice has appeared in the collection's issue tracker and in The Bullhorn, and the vote must be open for at least one week.
```
